test: Separate faucet tests from local integration tests (#2985)
XRPLF/xrpl.js: CONTRIBUTING.md

* `--entrypoint bash rippleci/rippled:develop` manually overrides the entrypoint (for the latest version of rippled on the `develop` branch)
*  `-c 'rippled -a'` provides the bash command to start `rippled` in standalone mode from the manual entrypoint

### Faucet Tests

Faucet tests are designed to ensure the functionality of account funding and other interactions that require a funded wallet, typically by interacting with a Faucet service. These tests are crucial for verifying real-world scenarios where new accounts need to be activated on the XRP Ledger.

To run Faucet tests locally, you'll first need to ensure your development environment is set up and the project is built. Faucet tests do not require a locally running `rippled` instance to execute.

> From the top-level xrpl.js folder, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the root directory of xrpl.js, run the following commands:
```

```bash
npm install
npm run build

> npm run test:faucet # Assuming this is the command

Reviewer: `npm run test:faucet` is the command. The comment is not needed here.

```suggestion
npm run test:faucet
```
